good afternoon recording allow you can
mount to win
soon gave of right then we learn
The cup silas now I'm coming to stop.
damn speaks panga roberto you drank
paulo felipe
I see Paulo who talked too much and too
more
saying that the felipão robot is more
joel selection and arrival coach
now then to me for sure
will the vanderlei be past and now the
newspaper will be keeping this going to be what
will be nobody will be offered the
Mario the new coach of the selection
The cool of the beautiful campaign boot now
may holy cup
valtin is worth this bastard the nine
name of remedy now comes here what with
I like or this world cup that makes
past played well against the mad holland
fire with water and waterfalls and stay in
Teresópolis the bad mood of there
Concentrated here is that no credential and
another shows your true problem
there you only know that she is here, Brazil and
argentina is was to put germany people who
due to incompetence of felipão and
and picasso né because the father is
a picasso because what they because he
it was not to be alone now come here as
it is a Picasso is not sin fields already
thought felipao look public and ask
help for a vine and he said so I
I'm going to make a frame so 4
wall at work to get out and
you already have a game picking up the
He calls his wife Murtosa.
murtosa william wrote it doing
bargain
There he lost the audience.
yesterday controlling the players did
Most in the key behind saw the stop
integrate
or felipão went back to the end of
get if cbf is really winning the
Copa do Brasil in the world cup there is no
People, we can not forget the glass.
America and the Olympics round
tie
follow one side and stay between the
four because the film went by the glass
chile was well focused on the
I withstood venezuela almost ranked the
Argentina you will have to get
very suffer from russia board
That's why you have to be the coach who
then believes the municipality and the expert
Luis and something else when you do
promises you want
Christ has a third party in my
back and has seen action when you do
promise that he can make promises only
to win is great because the promise
can be who and what kicked her and
cacareco 2008
germany in war
so frei champion mug was not so
good not to cut bald I do not carry
to shave bald to get one thing
It seems to think that we do not win I
I think the game will be that you will not
catar logo is going to be game by game but this one
germany will play touch is the
Argentina will leave alone and a way
from the cradle the ball of messi to argentina
champion germany with balls object in 2010
and that although his gang that is thus
it was worth germany to score a goal in the 90's
of everybody leaves the first is that it
see I could make the goal
we strip takes 7 equal to Brazil
if we could manage to stay 90 minutes
to Argentine team approval
ae's coach
the athletic Madrid is another up
says that it is not possible to follow and
we had the band not the following ones
Maracanã's choruses where we do not have
right to nothing by azzurra only if the
rubber is lukewarm water
Roberto comments on the joke being in a
place of the engine I made a new leader to
which the glories open seems to convey
I tell you just felt the earth tremble